README.md, before:

# Obsidian Vault

This repository contains the structure of how I organize my notes, drawings, kanboards, and canvases in [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/). I use Obsidian to take notes on a variety of topics and for project management.

The following directories are used in this repository:

  * `.obsidian (default)` - This directory contains the configured plugins and settings for Obsidian.
  * `_obsidian` - This directory contains other folders that are used by Obsidian.
  * `_obsidian/_attachments` - This directory contains all the attachments that are linked to in the notes.
  * `_obsidian/_templates` - This directory contains templates that are used by different plugins, such as Excalidraw and Kanban.
  * `Drawings`* - This directory contains all the drawings that are created in Excalidraw.
  * `Notes` - This directory contains all the markdown notes.
  * `Boards` - This directory is for all the kanban boards and canvases.

**Note:** Each excalidraw `.md` file automatically creates a corresponding `.svg` file that is then embedded into the excalidraw `.md` file so the drawn contents are visible natively when the `.md` file is rendered outside Obsidian (such as in Github). 

## How to use this repository
This repository is designed to be used as a Wiki so all the notes can be viewed in the browser through Github Wiki from your repository.

1. Click on `Use this template` to create a new repository from this template.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-05 22:46:43
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Drawings/new.excalidraw.md
README.md

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Vault

This repository contains the structure of how I organize my notes, drawings, kanboards, and canvases in [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/). I use Obsidian to take notes on a variety of topics and for project management.

The following directories are used in this repository:

  * `.obsidian (default)` - This directory contains the configured plugins and settings for Obsidian.
  * `_obsidian` - This directory contains other folders that are used by Obsidian.
  * `_obsidian/_attachments` - This directory contains all the attachments that are linked to in the notes.
  * `_obsidian/_templates` - This directory contains templates that are used by different plugins, such as Excalidraw and Kanban.
  * `Drawings`* - This directory contains all the drawings that are created in Excalidraw.
  * `Notes` - This directory contains all the markdown notes.
  * `Boards` - This directory is for all the kanban boards and canvases.

**Note:** Each excalidraw `.md` file automatically creates a corresponding `.svg` file that is then embedded into the excalidraw `.md` file so the drawn contents are visible natively when the `.md` file is rendered outside Obsidian (such as in Github). 

## How to use this repository
This repository is designed to be used as a Wiki so all the notes can be viewed in the browser through Github Wiki from your repository.

1. Click on `Use this template` to create a new repository from this template.
2. Initialize the Wiki for your repository by creating a random page in the Wiki tab.
3. Clone your repo and set the remote origin to your wiki by running `git remote set-url origin <your wiki repository url>`.
4. Push the changes to your wiki repository by running `git push`.
5. Open the repo folder as a vault in Obsidian by clicking on `Open folder as vault` in Obsidian.
6. Enjoy! Write notes, they will sync to your wiki repository and you can view them in the browser.
